== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the application up and running.

===Project Description

Classes involved: grades_controller.rb
====What it does:
This class lists the grades of all the participants for an assignments and also their reviews. Instructor can edit scores, calculate penalties and send emails for conflicts.

====What needs to be done:

1. Modify calculate_all_penalties method which is too complex and long.

2. Put the get_body_text method in a mailer rather than in the grades_controller.

3. Refactor conflict_nofication method to conflict_email and make it delegated to the mailer.

4. Refactor view_my_scores method to grades_show and delete the unnecessary variables.

5. Try not to query for reviews and meta reviews in grades_show method.

====What we have done:

1. Modify calculate_all_penalties method.

2. Refactor the conflict_notification method to conflict_email method.

3. Simplify sending email function and make it delegated to the mailer.

4. Send a conflict email to the reviewer automatically when instructor click the button "email reviewer".
 
5. Remove get_body_text and send_grading_email method from grades_controller.

6. Refactor conflict_nofication method to conflict_email and make it delegated to the mailer.

7. Refactor view_my_scores method to grades_show method.

8. Search for the key reasons which lead to huge waiting time for getting score.

9. Refactor get_assessments_for method in response_map.rb and lead to more than 90\% off the current waiting time.

10. Eliminate the search for reviews and meta reviews during the grades_show method.

11. Delete unnecessary instance Variables.

===The Website link for our team's work: 

====Current System (After Refactoring Grades_controller): 

http://152.46.18.10:3000/
Instructor: user6
Password: test
Student: user1600 and user1601
Password: test

====Original System (Before Refactoring Grades_controller):

http://152.1.13.97:3000/
   Instructor: user6
   Password: test
   Student: user1600 and user1601
   Password: test

All our test result based on the following test cases on expertiza, please follow these step to get it.
Instructor: 
Login -> Assignments->Program 2 style ->view scores. (Searching "Program 2" by "Ctrl + F" will be convinient for you.)

Student:

Login -> Assignments->Program 2 style ->Your scores.

====Note: In order to compare test results between current system and original system. You'd better test it in the current system and original system.
