README.md, before:

OSS Project 
Project E217: Integrate a few of last year’s projects

Chandan Apsangi (capsang) 
Vaibhav Gumashta(vgumash)
Vartika Singh (vsingh3)

E3: Enhancements to Suggest and Approve

https://trello.com/card/board/e3-enhancements-to-suggest-and-approve/4e97910a88107fb718001fd1/4e979b7f88107fb718025fed

Checklist:

	--  All topics on the sign-up sheet not just the student suggested ones should have a description.
	--  Students can suggest topics for approval by the instructor.
	--  Instructor can edit the topic, vote for it (Yes,No, Revise) and send it back to the student.
	--  The instructor is able to comment when accepting or rejecting, as well as when sending a topic back for revision.
	--  Once the topics are approved they should be visible in Sign-up sheet option. 
	--  Should be able to sort the list by status (initiated, awaiting revision,approved, rejected).
	
Steps:

	--	Created a local branch for E3, merged the relevant commits from A and B branches.
	--	Ensured that the functionality (as listed in the checklist) is working, and lastly re-based that branch with master. 
	--	In case of conflicts test the feature with each of the commits separately and pick the best one.
	--	Test each of the features listed above through local server setup.
	--	Fix any failures/make changes to ensure that the features are working.
	--	Run integration tests to ensure final quality.
	--	Merge our branch E15-Notification with the Master.

How to setup and start the application:

	-- 	Start the mysql server.  		
	--	Create a database named "pg_development" in mysql (Mysql 5.5 database server).
	--	Download the sql dump file from http://cl.ly/2C3e1u1P1E1j0V3g0z1e 
	--	Import this dump into the database created. To import, use: mysql -u root pg_development < 517dump-scrubbed.sql
	--	Do rake db:migrate
	--	Run the server.

Commit message:

readme updated with Trello checklist link for review

README.md, after:

OSS Project 
Project E217: Integrate a few of last year’s projects

Chandan Apsangi (capsang) 
Vaibhav Gumashta(vgumash)
Vartika Singh (vsingh3)

E3: Enhancements to Suggest and Approve

Please refer to the checklist at this Trello link for the details about the files modified with regard to this feature:
https://trello.com/card/board/e3-enhancements-to-suggest-and-approve/4e97910a88107fb718001fd1/4e979b7f88107fb718025fed

Checklist:

	--  All topics on the sign-up sheet not just the student suggested ones should have a description.
	--  Students can suggest topics for approval by the instructor.
	--  Instructor can edit the topic, vote for it (Yes,No, Revise) and send it back to the student.
	--  The instructor is able to comment when accepting or rejecting, as well as when sending a topic back for revision.
	--  Once the topics are approved they should be visible in Sign-up sheet option. 
	--  Should be able to sort the list by status (initiated, awaiting revision,approved, rejected).
	
Steps:

	--	Created a local branch for E3, merged the relevant commits from A and B branches.
	--	Ensured that the functionality (as listed in the checklist) is working, and lastly re-based that branch with master. 
	--	In case of conflicts test the feature with each of the commits separately and pick the best one.
	--	Test each of the features listed above through local server setup.
	--	Fix any failures/make changes to ensure that the features are working.
	--	Run integration tests to ensure final quality.
	--	Merge our branch E15-Notification with the Master.

How to setup and start the application:

	-- 	Start the mysql server.  		
	--	Create a database named "pg_development" in mysql (Mysql 5.5 database server).
	--	Download the sql dump file from http://cl.ly/2C3e1u1P1E1j0V3g0z1e 
	--	Import this dump into the database created. To import, use: mysql -u root pg_development < 517dump-scrubbed.sql
	--	Do rake db:migrate
	--	Run the server.
